Let's work on the past trainings now here in past trainings we also of course use the data from our
training service thus far.
And we should switch this to our observable based approach using and g are x switching is relatively
simple though.
We of course as always need to import our store again so we import to store from at Engy our X slash
store and then we need our training reducers so ask from training from dot slash or going up a couple
of levels one level training reducer.
So these two things you always import here.
Then we inject the stores so private store of type store which uses from training state as the state
it will give us in the end.
And with that story inject that here where we set up the subscription We don't need to subscription
anymore at least not stored in this property.
But now we can here simply subscribe to something else we can use this store select from training and
now get get finished exercises and subscribe to that and you get an exercise array that we assign to
our data table so this doesn't even change.
This is the same.
And we also want to have an ongoing subscription year because of course we're interested in future updates
to that data source.
So with that this should be the only place where we actually use our old training service we can remove
and be on Destroyer now because we no longer need that we can remove or destroy it.
We get no subscription to destroy anymore.
Remove it here also removed the subscription from our exchanges here we'll have to do some cleanup work
the other falls to remove the subscription property here.
And with that let's save this and let's see if it works.
So going back to our application let's click on past exercises and here indeed.
We got a bunch of exercises some broken ones.
That was during the phase where we had submitted every new exercise every exercise instantly to the
database.
But besides that Jesus is really looking good here.
We've got all these exercises stored here.
And again these completed ones which clearly aren't completed are coming from the time when we submitted
any active exercise to the store whenever it changed.
But with that we got a working store here.
We got a working set up here where we can still do our thing and then view it in our data table here.
Sort but eight verbs does is what I just did.
So this is really looking good.
Now.
Training part is also managed why ngi are x.
It's time for some cleanup in the next lecture.